carnival at war this is a
institution is something that lasts
since time immemorial
we can not calculate it exactly because
that we do not have the traces but
that downstream to dunkerque has continued
I believe in my opinion thanks to the fishing
Iceland
because carnival exists everywhere
in the world there is a clue he
exists at rio he existing in germany he
exists in munich it exists everywhere
but to dunkirk he has endured thanks to the
fishing in iceland and i believe we
let's do this carnival also part to have
of memory that we have towards our
ancestors who did this fishing and
that's why the dakar band
is called the band of fishermen and so
his fishermen who suffered that they have
been really they lived the hard way
because he was leaving for six months
and when he left he often left
at the time of the dates of the beginning of Lent
because in fact when laval it has a
relationship with religion given that
the term carnival sadistic notebook
lévaré means we remove the meat
so it was at the time of the Wednesday of
ashes and that's so this carnival has
lost rada case thanks to that it became
something important has become
something that should not be
tourist carnival did you do
come not see that downstream
the public must collaborate at the party and
the dunkirk party at this
characteristic that she is very
spontaneous it is dunkerquois who
is having a party on their own
there are very few things organized apart
the music and the route that is
provided by the municipality
it's the dunkerquois who do the rest
there is no subsidized group he has
person who is paid to do the
gang
it's really very spontaneous
there is an extraordinary anecdote it's
in 1991 during the Gulf War
all the demonstration had been
banned by the terrorist's apkin and
all dunkerquois the day of the band
from dunkerque went out into the street and
all the musicians were volunteers and
the itinerary was extraordinary because
that all these people not being organized
were partying they offered themselves
to themselves when I told you everything
on time
m
to mark its sides and I edge
Okay